Israel wanted to talk about the captives
Eden Yushi was 24 years old Algeria the
West Bank since last October in West
Bank
680 Palestinians have been killed they
heard from two Israeli humanitarians
with starkly different views no child
should ever go through what the children
and civilians of Israel have gone
through on October 7th I need you to
hear it to understand it and to help us
bring back the children that have not
yet returned our government is cynically
exploiting our Collective trauma to
violently Advance its project of
cementing Israel control over the entire
land to do that it is Waging War on the
entire Palestinian people committing war
crimes almost
daily but the overarching sentiment from
the council was frustration that the
ceasefire they endorsed in resolution
2735 3 months ago has not been enacted
that the best way to honor the memory of
both Palestinians and Israelis who have
died in this war is for this Council to
take immediate action to end this war we
have the tools at our disposal let us
use them the ceasefire agreement
endorsed by the the security Council
calls for the release of all captives as
well as the withdrawal of troops from
all of Gaza that's a sticking point for
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu who
wants to maintain a True presence on
gaza's border with Egypt the United
States said diplomacy takes time but
called on Israel to accept the deal the
Israeli people should understand that
the deal on the table is one their
leaders can accept because this is a
deal that ensures Israel's
security as President Biden emphasized
when announcing the principles of this
deal Hamas is no longer capable of
carrying out another attack on the scale
of October 7th but the calls for an end
to the violence have remained just that
with no further action from the security
Council yet Kristen salumi Al jazer the
United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get theat lest news from Al
jazer